hey folks santini out here well show you
the latest upgrade to the Nano we got a
brushless nano now wit for HP 03 TSN 3
and pnc flashed governor mode so we're
going to give it a flight I've been
flying it for the past day make sure
everything is right on it and it's real
it's real great is good and as you see
the winds are blowing so we're going to
fly the winds are gusting at 15 to 17
miles an hour so we're going to fly and
yes I'm using the regular the regular
stock battery see little brushless motor
inside there running stock tail motor
and it works good and my settings are
going to be seventy-five percent
throttle so we're gonna fly in 75%
throttle with this wind and watch the
slow spooler bone is really nice slow
spooler so well had to do is hit my to
look cut this I started up I starts my
nada work so I give it one then cut it
on cut it off and it arms the ESC but I
said it's going to be sending five
percent tedx low spooler book
you're doing pretty good in this wing
they got some great power i will put the
listings on where you can get it from
you get the whole kit it comes with
frame braces it come with the esc come
with the pinion already installed on the
72 pinion you can get this in two
conversions mild and wild and the one i
have here is the male conversion and get
all that servo spaces you get out at
four fifty sixty bucks from asteroid
designs and i will put a website on in
the description down below so you can
only yourself a brushless nano and then
my boy NC craig on hailey free he
installing them for those who don't feel
like doing those sword and cut is some
some some sorting involved
nathan saw involved
it is how many wins is pretty strong out
here and I can say this is set 75%
throttle they're my battery so you get
with seventy-five percent so all you get
by three and a half you get by close to
three minutes not not on top so and I'm
running to stop battery so you can't run
higher batteries all right as i always
say god is good all the time soon it's
yeah